# Square requirements notes

## Oauth

- [x] Must have an account with partner before initiating Oauth
- [x] Must not have OAuth tokens on a client
- [x] Must have access token renewal
- [x] Must check for stale access tokens
- [ ] Must encrypt access token (MOA-218)
- [ ] Must show status to Seller
- [ ] Must allow Seller to revoke

## Locations

- [x] Must allow selectable locations
- [x] Must respect `location_overrides`
- [x] Must respect `present_at_locations`
- [x] Must respect `absent_at_location_ids`

## Payments

- [x] Must associate Order with Payment
- [ ] Must include the application name or partner name in the note field along with a partner transaction identifier (or order ID). Ex: `"note":"Partner Name - [ ] Transaction #123"` (MOA-219)
- [x] Must be aware of `ACTIVE` and `INACTIVE` locations.
- [x] Must be aware of currency

## Orders

- [x] Must explicitly create a Square order
- [x] Must use Square catalog objects (not ad-hoc)
- [x] Must display taxes, fees, discounts, or other surcharges
- [ ] Must be either pay for order (a successful payment attached to the order) or canceled order (the order status set to CANCELED). Partner applications must ensure that there are no orphan orders. (MOA-220)
- [x] Must listen to order webhooks or poll for order updates and surface any relevant information in the partner platform or to the buyer.

## Customers

- [ ] Customers must consent to allowing their personal information to be stored. (MOA-221)
- [x] Must avoid unintentionally creating duplicate customers
- [x] Must specify a `customer_id` on the order or payment

## Cards on File

- [ ] Customers must consent to allowing their card details to be stored (MOA-222)
- [x] Must allow the buyer to add or remove stored cards

## Catalog

- [x] Must sync catalog items, item variations, and modifiers
- [x] Must display a list of synced catalog items and variations.
- [x] Must respect `location_override` pricing as well as `present_at_locations` & `absent_at_location_ids`
- [ ] Must allow sellers to initiate a manual catalog sync.
